When I was a child, I used to sit alone in my room and try to feel the moment. Touch the comforter on my bed, look at the bookcase across from me, and attempt to become fully aware of that instant. I picked a particular book on the shelf to make it more real, more specific: “Here I am, at this moment, staring at _By The Great Horn Spoon_. I am me. I am here. I am now. This is real.”

I’m interrupted by my Mother’s voice; it’s time for dinner. Broken from this reverie, everything snaps back; reality loses that surreal quality, and I run downstairs before she yells for me again. It’s not time for dinner of course, she just needs someone to set the table. Siblings gather, and eventually my father comes downstairs—always the last to appear. While I’m in the kitchen washing up the dishes it finally strikes me: I’m not in my room.

How am I not in my room? The version of me that said, “I am here, I am now,” where has he disappeared to? So well defined in my memory but now so far beyond my reach, forever staring at that spine and making out “_By The Great Horn Spoon_.”

I was fascinated by this reality—that I could center myself in an instant, only later to find that moment torn away. I began to leave myself memories, little outposts in a brief “now.” Later I would look back and appreciate that they are “now” no longer. I am no longer walking along the path at Buffalo Point. I am not driving south on Highway 65. I’m not sweating my way through a conference in Hong Kong, not watching my shadow in a Niamey sunset. And I’m not with her, riding our bikes through the back-roads in the dark. So real when I said to myself, “this is now,” the person who was present then exists now only in a memory.

_~~music-item title="Tick. Tick. Tick. Tick." track="Time" artist="N'to" spotify="https://open.spotify.com/track/7hofL9YADeFqnsFdDrxdbs?si=s-f-6tcrSFGCjFW-eJv-sg" youtube="https://youtu.be/8i5Ph5JAOmY" google="https://play.google.com/music/m/Tqh3qymje64bdvj7opjljabbeym"~~_

Time is a relentless force, and its hold is absolute. When I grew older, I had to reckon with the darker sides of the membrane of time: that we are but insects on the windshield of the present, speeding into the future. All of our nows are destined to be past, and all of our pasts are destined to be erased in that final now: oblivion.

> _~~music-item title="Graver still abode of stones" track="Lucky" artist="Waiting For Godot" youtube="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuU3RrGj3Lc&feature=youtu.be&t=2640"~~ in a word I resume alas alas abandoned unfinished the skull the skull in Connemara in spite of the tennis the skull alas the stones Cunard tennis... the stones... so calm... Cunard... unfinished…_

What can be said in the face of ~~music-item title="annihilation?" track="The Alien" spotify="https://open.spotify.com/track/3M0YZKONqBRpxPMDTKA1WP?si=7_aUu1epSKeTGG04TFrKMg" youtube="https://youtu.be/lUxFHpDqOH4"~~

I quit my job last month. My last day was pretty relaxing: coffee with a friend; lunch with senior management; pack up, shut down. Around 4:00 pm, we headed out to play frisbee one last time—ice cream afterward. Reminiscence. Halting goodbyes. It hit me harder than expected, a familiar feeling: _leaving_. Leaving somewhere I know, leaving work I've invested in, leaving friends I care for. Once again. Driven by the ratcheting ticking of that seconds hand.

That little hand sweeps around and drags hours in its wake; days accrete away and become months; months pile up into years. We are drawn forward, _ceaselessly into the future_, and I have no answer to the inevitable end. All I have is now, and the memories of the nows that came before. So I find myself living a life seeking ever another Great Perhaps, to slow down the days by filling them with moments worth remembering. Maybe then when that final now comes, I’ll be able to look back on the ones that came before and find that even though they will be erased, they were enough.

What can be said in the face of annihilation? ~~music-item title="“I was here.”" track="Outro" artist="WDL" spotify="https://open.spotify.com/track/24kiM7ILl48vJqHx2k6COA?si=6reH1rWHSNqsFxRt7Xw6iQ" youtube="https://youtu.be/0iI0SPuadkQ" google="https://play.google.com/music/m/Tivemn26gierpabsrabiri4prtq?t=Outro_-_WDL"~~
