I've spent the last week in Hualien, on the eastern coast of Taiwan. Ostensibly to see the sights, but really more just to get out of Taipei and _do something_. To my surprise, it's been a bit uncomfortable - out here in a new place, without routine, without my friends, I feel a bit listless; lost; untethered.

Throughout history, most people had a lot of continuity, like or not. Legally, relationally, financially, culturally - they were tied down. But this is less the case in modern times, and particularly in The West. Our societies are individualistic instead of collectivist, where the individual self and its actualization is seen as one of the higher ideals. Go pursue your dreams! Be all you can be! Growing up, it was assumed I would fly far afield from my origin, get a job, move away, follow my ambitions: that's just what successful people do, right?

For someone who is a fish in this individualistic water, this implicit individualism in everything we do might not be so obvious, but it's always thrown stark contrast every time I travel to Asia, or even back to my own home in rural Missouri. Out here, things don't move so fast. People don't move so fast. In Silicon Valley, every individual is their own particle, moving at such a pace that our social structures are no longer solid, and we all become a freely flowing liquid. Sliding past each other: new roommate, new co-worker, now it's my turn: new city, new job, new friends. At some point (new country, new language, new online way-of-life) we become so transient that we abandon even the fluid and become a gas. Unbound, without anchor of family, faith, even locality no longer seems to apply, and we ricochet off one another, each encounter overwhelmed by its own temporality.

In a life of such vaporous bonds, what is left? Just the self. When everything else is temporary, our senses of who we are must bear the weight of holding together the narrative of our lives. This is a lot to ask of The Self, and if it fails one is destined to be thrashed around by a mechanistic society, untethered from even who they are.

Over the past few years, the self has been a solid anchor point - I feel like I know who I am, and what I stand for. That, along with friends who haven't been willing to let go when distance separates us. But I feel that certainty waning nowadays, not so much a doubt in who I am, but in who I want to be. Sooner or later we all become the product of what we do, and I find myself lacking anything to pursue.

The self-actualization zeitgeist would tell me to pursue my desires, embrace my creativity, build something. Yet I find I am plagued by the feeling that there is nothing I could create that hasn't already created better, no idea I could express that hasn't already been expressed more eloquently. Not that I believe there is nothing new under the sun, but that I fear there are no stones left unturned which I have the strength to lift.

So I'm left comfortable but restless, making progress by the conventional metrics of the world - a solid career, travel, good friends... but still feeling like I'm missing something, like my narrative is breaking down. I seek the continuity of a passion worth staying around for. Lacking such a tether,life begins to feel like an endless road with no destination - I can't stop here, but where am I going?
